Add charm architecture documentation (#49)
canonical/paas-charm: docs/explanation/index.rst

Explanation
===========

The following explanations provide context and clarification on key topics related to the use and

> configuration of ``paas-charm`` and web app frameworks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration of web app frameworks.
```

> configuration of ``paas-charm`` and 12-factor app frameworks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration of ``paas-charm`` and web app frameworks.
```
